Simplified readme + animated gif (#262)
stripe/stripe-cli: README.md

# Stripe CLI

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/stripe/stripe-cli)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/stripe/stripe-cli.svg?token=eQWDVpt1sJR63TxbC1KA&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/stripe/stripe-cli)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/stripe/stripe-cli)

> The Stripe Command-line interface (CLI) makes it easy for you to build, test and manage your Stripe integration right from the terminal by integrating seamlessly with your Stripe account.

Reviewer: I kind of don't want to do the "command-line interface (CLI)" part since most people will likely know what a CLI is. We don't do that with API for the docs.

Reviewer: "build, test, and manage your Stripe integration right from the command line"

Reviewer 2: The intent here is to align on the value prop and wording used to describe the Stripe CLI, so it's consistent across blog post, stripe docs, and the readme which serves as the "landing page" for the Stripe CLI.

What's the specific proposal?
`The Stripe CLI makes it easy for you to build, test and manage your Stripe integration right from the terminal by integrating seamlessly with your Stripe account.`

Reviewer: Wonder if we should hold off on this until we figure out how to better position the value proposition around the "manage" side

Reviewer 2: Addressed

**Feature highlights**:

> - Securely test webhooks without relying on 3rd party software.

Reviewer: Remove the `.` to be consistent with the other bullets

Reviewer 2: Resolved.

- Trigger webhook events for easy testing
- Tail your API request logs in real-time

> - Manage resources by interacting directly with the API to `post`, `get`, `update` or `delete` any Stripe object

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Manage resources by interacting directly with the API to `create`, `retrieve`, `update` or `delete` any Stripe object
```

> - Manage resources by interacting directly with the API to `create`, `retrieve`, `update` or `delete` any Stripe object

Reviewer: `create`, `retrieve`, `update` or `delete` is a subset of what the commands do, should we try to explain more?

Reviewer 2: We can just remove it and keep it concise to `Manage resources by interacting directly with the API`?

Reviewer: Sounds good!

![demo](docs/demo.gif)

## Installation

> Stripe CLI is available for MacOS, Windows, and Linux for Debian, Ubuntu, RedHat and CentOS.

Reviewer: Should be `macOS`. We also technically support more than just the 4 versions of Linux here

Reviewer 2: Something like `Stripe CLI is available for macOS, Windows, and Linux for distros like Debian, Ubuntu, RedHat and CentOS.`?

Reviewer: That works! For linux, we should either alphabetize it or put Ubuntu first since I imagine that's more popular than some of the rest.

### macOS

> Stripe CLI is avilable on macOS via the [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):

Reviewer: Just "view Homebrew", no "the"

> Stripe CLI is avilable on MacOS via the [package manager Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):

Reviewer: * `macOS`.
* "Stripe CLI is avilable on MacOS via [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/):" (people will know that homebrew is a package manager)

Reviewer 2: Resolved.

```sh

> brew install stripe/stripe-cli/stripe

Reviewer: I've generally seen people indicate CLI commands by starting with a `$`. What are your thoughts around that here?

Reviewer 2: I think formatting wise it looks great, but it break copy/paste, which I assume a lot of folks wants to do.

Reviewer: Ah true! Alright resolving

```

### Linux

Please refer to the [installation wiki](wiki/installation#linux) for detailed Linux instructions.

### Windows

> Stripe CLI is avilable on Windows via the [package manager Scoop](https://scoop.sh/):

Reviewer: "via the [Scoop] package manager"

Reviewer 2: Resolved.

```sh
scoop bucket add stripe https://github.com/stripe/scoop-stripe-cli.git
scoop install stripe
```

### Docker

The CLI is also available as a Docker image: [`stripe/stripe-cli`](https://hub.docker.com/r/stripe/stripe-cli).

```sh
docker run --rm -it stripe/stripe-cli version
stripe version x.y.z (beta)
```

### Without package managers

Instructions are also available for installing and using the CLI [without a package manager](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-cli/wiki/Installing-and-updating#without-a-package-manager).

## Usage

> Installing the CLI globally provides access to the `stripe` command.

Reviewer: Remove "globally", seems unrelated to the command itself.

```sh-session
stripe [command]

# Run `--help` for detailed information about CLI commands
stripe [command] help
```

## Commands

The Stripe CLI supports a broad range of commands. Below is some of the most used ones:
- [`login`](wiki/login-command#)
- [`listen`](wiki/listen-command#)
- [`trigger`](wiki/trigger-command#)
- [`logs tail`](wiki/logs-tail-command#)
- [`samples`](wiki/samples-command#)
- [`status`](wiki/status-command#)
- [`config`](wiki/config-command#)
- [`open`](wiki/open-command#)
- [`get`, `post` & `delete` commands](wiki/http-(get,-post-&-delete)-commands#)
- [`resource` commands](wiki/resource-commands#)

Please see [commands](wiki/commands) for a full overview.

## Documentation

Please see our [documentation in the wiki](/wiki).

## Telemetry

The Stripe CLI includes a telemetry feature that collects some usage data. See our [telemetry wiki](wiki/telemetry) for details.

## Feedback

> Got feedback for us? Please don't hersitate to tell us on [feedback](https://stri.pe/cli-feedback).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Got feedback for us? Please don't hesitate to tell us on [feedback](https://stri.pe/cli-feedback).
```

- Securely test webhooks without relying on 3rd party software
- Trigger webhook events for easy testing
- Tail your API request logs in real-time

> - Manage resources by interacting directly with the API.

Reviewer: Period here should be removed

Author: Fixed.
